

1.Create a VPC
2.Create IGW and attache to VPC.
3.create a subnest based on AZ's
  public subnets and private subnets.
4.Create a routing table(private & public)
 
All public subnets only one route.
private subnests each one route

publicsubnets each one make auto assign default=enable
privatesubnets auto matically auto assign default=Disable

 Associate (add) public subnets to public route.
 Associate (add) private subnets to each route.


goto public routetable and edit and add publicsubnets and save.

goto private routable each and edit and add privatesubnets.



goto routetable and selece public route and click route and edit and add anotherroute
 
 like 0.0.0.0/0 and igw id and save.


Create NAT Gateway.

Create NAT Gateway (Public Zone-A)-EIP:nat-06484780d71e5cf10'.

Create NAT Gateway (Public Zone-B)-EIP:nat-03fdca6a5653bfadc'.


goto routetable and selece private route-a and click route and edit and add anotherroute
 
 like 0.0.0.0/0 and NAT-a-ID and save.

goto routetable and selece private route-b and click route and edit and add anotherroute
 
 like 0.0.0.0/0 and NAT-b-ID and save.


Afterthat create security groups:-

1.Bastion-ssh -22-anywhers(Bastion-sg)

2. elb-http-80-anywhere(0.0.0.0/0)_(elb-sg)


3.webservers-22-ssh-(Bastion-sg)
           http-80-(elb-sg)

After that create 4 instances
2 public and 2 privates
like {2 basiton(public az-a and public az-b) and 2 webservers (public az-a and public az-b)}

for basitons give one security group(Bastion-sg) and Webservers sg(Bastion-sg & elb-sg).



Next goto Bastion:- check bastions to all webservers connecting or not?
 
next install apache in all webservers next vi mode:(cd /var/www/html)next (vi index.html)

next give what ever page you want in vi mode to all webservers>

next check page local access in linux command:"curl localhostname" or "curl localIPaddress"



goto LB(loadbalancer):-

in loadbalacer choose ALB(Applciation load balancer)

give existing (elb-sg) next give all avalability zones of public subnets.

next create new target group there last column you give "index.html"(mandatorly)

next add all webservers to Addregistrs.

then ALB Is completeds

go and check in browser ALB DNS ...then its work..






